Modify CLI release process (#589)
kyma-project/community: docs/guidelines/releases-guidelines/03-kyma-cli-release-process.md

* A release tag or branch holding the code

## Steps
   >**NOTE:** Once `cli 2.0.0` is released, `cli 1.x.x` should not be released any more. If a new `kyma 1.24.x` is released after releasing `cli 2.0.0`, then a corresponding `cli` patch version (`2.x.x`) should be released.

> 1. Make sure Kyma is released and create a release branch in the `cli` repository. The name of this branch should follow the `release-x.y` pattern, such as `release-1.4`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After Kyma is released, create a release branch in the `cli` repository. The name of this branch must follow the `release-x.y` pattern, such as `release-1.4`.
```

   git checkout --no-track -b {RELEASE_NAME} upstream/main
   git push upstream {RELEASE_NAME}
   ```

> 2. Ensure that the `DefaultKyma1Version` variable in the `internal/config/config.go` file from the `cli` repository on the release branch contain the latest Kyma `1.24.x` version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check the `internal/config/config.go` file from the `cli` repository on the release branch:
   - The `DefaultKyma1Version` variable must contain the latest Kyma `1.24.x` version.
   - Starting with Kyma 2.0.0, the `DefaultKyma2Version` variable must contain the latest Kyma `2.x.x` version.
```

> 3. Ensure that the `DefaultKyma2Version` variable in the `internal/config/config.go` file from the `cli` repository on the release branch contain the latest Kyma `2.x.x` version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
part of step 2 now

>    >**NOTE:** This step applies only if at least Kyma 2.0.0 is already released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 4. Create a PR to `cli/release-x.y` that triggers the presubmit job for `cli`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a PR to `cli/release-x.y` that triggers the presubmit job for `cli`.
```

> 5. After merging the PR, create a tag on the release branch having the value of the new `cli` release version. If you define a release candidate version, a pre-release is created.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. After merging the PR, create a tag on the release branch that has the value of the new `cli` release version. If you define a release candidate version, a pre-release is created.  
```

   ```bash
   git tag -a {RELEASE_VERSION} -m "Release {RELEASE_VERSION}"
   ```

>     where {RELEASE_VERSION} is the new `cli` release version and could be `2.0.0-rc1`, `2.0.0-rc2` or `2.0.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Replace {RELEASE_VERSION} with the new `cli` release version, for example, `2.0.0-rc1`, `2.0.0-rc2` or `2.0.0`.
```

> 6. Create the new version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Create the new version.
```

>    1. Push the tag to trigger a postsubmit job that creates the GitHub release. Validate if the release is available under [releases](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Push the tag to trigger a postsubmit job that creates the GitHub release. Check whether the release is available under [releases](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases).
```
